- Ooh!
- What the hell?
- You ain't lug your butt,
girl, down there
to start some drama
that you can get
some more camera time, chile?
- No, no, no.
- Eddie was following
a bunch of booty models.
- No! Wrong!
- We're not gettin' away
with that nonsense today, baby.
- Next up, an epic
"real housewives of potomac"
reunion begins.
- You brought your big face.
- You know what?
We got the same size forehead.
We've got the same
damn forehead.
- No, bitch, yours is about
two and half inches
bigger than mine.
- You sent me a text
on January 3rd.
- Come on, professor.
- Did you really
spend money for that?
- Yes, I did.
- Jamal owes
$800,000 in taxes.
- You were mrs. Bryant
at the time.
I would say lawyer up.
- You're a nasty hood rat,
is what you are.
- I'm a hood rat?
- Yes.
- Okay, your mama.
[bell dings]
♪♪
[screaming]
- I'm here, bitches!
♪♪
- hi, ladies.
- Hello!
- Um, awake.
♪♪
- well, well, well,
I mean, she's in her robe.
How do you feel about today?
- I'm super excited.
We had a lotta fire.
- Yeah.
- We had fighting,
tears, and everything.
- Yes.
- So, I am looking forward to
seeing where we go from here.
- Yeah, me, too.
- What about that?
What about like that?
Now, I gotta hold it.
- Oh.
- Hi.
- Is now not a good time?
[laughing]
hey, g.
- Hey.
- How ya doin'?
- Hi, pink tie.
Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
- I feel like, um,
we need to have conversations.
- Right.
- Like, I feel like
we've done enough name calling.
- It's interesting to see,
you know, when people have,
like, what they
really wanna say.
Like, why didn't you
just say that to my face?
- Zen wen?
[knocking]
ooh, you smell great.
- It's onyi.
- Wow. I love it.
How are we feelin'
about today?
- I'm feeling really
good, actually.
- Yeah?
Where do you think
you and gizelle
are gonna come outta this?
- I hope that she owns up
to the fact
that she was just being messy.
- Uh-huh.
♪♪
♪ drive back
drive back ♪
[laughing]
♪ hit it
when we come in contact ♪
- I can't get it
out of my head.
- Yes.
- How are you?
Ooh, I love your hair.
- Hi. Thank you.
- So, how you feelin'
about today?
- I come in peace.
- Oh, you do?
- And I am no longer
the twitter disaster.
- Okay.
Like, your--
- there are others
who graduated to that--
to that role.
- Yes, in this group?
Okay.
- Yeah.
But I will say that
you knock on my door,
I'm going to answer.
- Yes, you blow it up.
♪♪
- we just gettin' started
with my cheese puffs.
All right.
- Hi, there.
- Oh, wait.
I'm comin'.
Is anyone sittin' next to me?
- It's 11 o'clock.
- So, I had to do this
the whole season, wait hours.
- Really?
- I finally brought my computer
and was like,
well, then time is money.
- Right.
- I got sh-- to do.
- Smart, smart.
- Oh, mia, hi.
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
- You look like a barbie doll.
I'm darby's barbie.
- Darby's barbie.
- Yeah, michael calls me that.
- Wow.
- Mm-hmm.
♪♪
wow, karen!
- Hi, honey.
Hey.
- Hi, baby girl.
- Hi, buttercup.
- Okay, zen wen.
- Oh, lord jesus.
Andy.
- She's got a folder with her.
- Hey, robyn.
- Hi, andy.
- Okay, can you tell candiace
I'm gonna drive back
to new york city if she doesn't
come out in a sec, please?
[laughing]
- all right, guys.
Hold the talking.
Gotta send it to andy.
- Ooh, chile.
- Four, three, two.
- Hey, everybody,
I'm andy cohen and welcome to
"the real housewives of potomac"
season six reunion.
Joining me are the gorgeous
women of potomac
who are ready to revisit
a season
that was as lit
as a three-wick candle.
Three wicks, ladies.
[laughing]
- yes.
- Hello, ladies.
- All: Hi.
- Hi, andy.
- Great to see you.
- Good to see you.
- Welcome to the
goddess party.
- Yes, nice. It's beautiful.
- It looks beautiful.
- Gorgeous.
- It is gorgeous.
- Fitting, uh, for a room
full of beautiful goddesses.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
- I'm happy that
we are resetting. Um...
- A hug, maybe?
- No, no, no.
- No, not today.
- Oh, all right.
Well, I tried.
- Hi, gizelle.
- Hi.
- Did grace drive you
here today?
- She did not.
She drove back.
- Good.
I didn't see any cuts. So...
[laughing]
uh, hey, candiace.
- Hello, andy.
- Hi. Congratulations
on dropping
your first full length album.
- Yes, "deep space"
is out in space.
- I heard you got a shout out
from the anita baker.
- Yeah, I fell out.
Yes, such an honor.
- That's very cool.
- Oh, yeah, that's nice.
- Yeah.
- Hi, wendy.
- Hi, andy.
- I mean, it's gonna be hard
for me to raise my eyes
because you're serving happy
and ness here on a platter.
- Always serving happy and ness
on a platter, yes.
- Yes.
- Mia, hello.
- Hi. Hello.
- It's your first reunion.
- It is.
- You gonna be tossing
any salad today?
- Uh, is there any salad?
Maybe some fruit.
- Okay, well, I hope not.
Uh, hi, karen.
- Hi, andy.
- Now, we are not
in surry county,
but is surry county in you?
- Always.
Surry is always in me.
Thank you.
- Yes, very good.
[laughing]
um, hi, robyn.
- Hey, andy.
- Great to see you.
- Likewise.
- Am I looking at some
embellished couture here?
- Ooh!
- This-- this is embellished.
- Right.
- But it is not
by embellished.
- I see. I see.
Hi, ashley.
- Hi, andy.
- You came in, and I said
you look like a barbie doll,
and you said?
- I am darby's barbie.
- Aww.
- Oh, that's cute.
- Yes, that's
what he calls me.
- Aww.
- Wow.
Um, aside from
your own reunion outfit,
who is your favorite outfit
in the room?
- I would say mia's, actually.
I like it.
I like the two tone.
- Thank you, love.
- Yeah.
I like the way it's kinda like--
is that feathers or peacock?
- Yeah, mm-hmm.
It's all the above.
[laughing]
- it's-- oh, okay.
All right.
Gizelle, we got
a lotta questions
about your fashions, again.
- Okay.
- My mama in the '80s
on twitter said,
"gizelle, you got a lotta shade
for your fashion last season.
I think your looks
have improved.
Do the ladies agree,
and do you have a real stylist?"
- I have the same person.
- That's helped you
through the years.
- Yeah.
- Has that been a successful
journey for you?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Um, do the ladies agree
that her styling has--
has improved, candiace?
- This is what I will say.
I don't agree with
a lot of your choices.
- I don't agree with
a lot of yours,
but they look good on you.
- What don't you like
about what I wear?
- I can't remember all.
My-my brain isn't like that,
but they look--
they're fine for you.
- Yes.
- But what's fine for me,
is also probably fine
for others.
I--
- not necessarily.
Not necessarily.
Look it here.
I'm happy with everything
I put on my body.
- We can't expect
any improvement.
It's gonna be consistent.
Mmmmmm.
We're good.
- Okay.
All right.
You know, before we dig in,
we have a very special video
from a potomac superfan
who we had hoped
was gonna be here tonight.
- Aww.
- Okay, okay.
- Uh, but she did
send this video.
- Okay.
- Oh, my god,
this is exciting.
- Hey, guys,
I can't make it this year,
but I'll make it next year.
In the meantime,
you're being amazing queens.
And I love my potomac.
[trills]
[laughing]
- yes.
- All right.
- Wish she was here.
- What does it feel like?
I mean, that was wild.
- Yeah.
- I mean, she wanted to be
sitting in this chair.
- Yes.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- Hosting the reunion.
- Uh, what was your reaction
when you heard that?
- Amazing.
- Yeah, fantastic.
- I'm such a fan.
I'm a barb.
I would love that.
- I'm sorry it didn't work out,
but she did wanna
send that video
even the video--
- I appreciate it.
Thank you, nicki.
- Thank you, nicki.
- Thank you.
- I love it.
- Thanks for trying.
- Right.
- Well, mia, from day one,
you came into this group
an open book,
but as any good
chiropractic mogul knows,
everyone's story
has a few cracks.
Take a look.
- Who is mia?
- I don't know that bitch.
- I don't know a mia.
- Okay.
- So, I get my botox
every four weeks.
- Okay.
- I get fillers.
I have my lips.
I have four boobs.
I have my ass done.
I even had my clit worked on.
- You did what, now?
Where did you
meet your spouse?
- Okay, let's do it.
- Was somebody strippin'?
- That's what I'm sayin'.
- You were bartending.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah!
- Yes.
Your booty crack has
seen this pole before.
- Oh, my god.
- Shortly after serving drinks,
yes, I did become a stripper,
and they don't have a pole
because they don't want
the stigma,
and the girls
wear long gowns.
- Ooh.
- Long gowns?
- I would tell her, look,
here's x amount of dollars.
Just sit here and talk.
- Aww.
- Ten grand for,
like, two hours.
- Shh.
- That's a lotta money
to pay for someone's time.
- Her name gonna
have to be messy mia.
- Yeah.
[laughing]
- 'cause she find herself
in a whole lotta mess.
- So, mia, how did you like
the experience
of joining this group?
- It's been a wild ride.
Let me tell you.
- Curious about
first impressions.
Candiace, what was
your first impression of mia?
- I loved her at first.
I thought you
were fun at first.
- Gizelle, what about you?
- First impression great
but we had a rocky road
in the beginning.
- Mm-hmm.
- Um, but I did love
how you just owned your sh--.
- Mm-hmm.
- Like, you know, this is me.
- Well...
- She didn't own her sh--?
- No.
There was a lotta lyin'.
- What didn't I own?
- She lied about
her plastic surgery?
- She lied about everything?
- What did I lie about?
- Okay, go ahead.
Why didn't you just say that?
He asked you first.
Why didn't you say--
[laughing]
- because he asked
my first impression.
- Okay.
- I need to know.
What did I lie about?
- What did she lie about?
She wants to know.
- Give me somethin'
I lied about.
- You lied about
your clit surgery.
You said you got
your clit done.
You did not.
- No, I talked to my surgeon.
He said it's all
in the same vicinity.
Those girls need to grow up,
is what he said.
- So, did you get a clitopasty,
or did you get
a vaginal rejuvenation?
- So, I actually got
a whole lot done in--
in that same surgery.
- To your vagina.
- So, I literally had, like,
a full mommy--
- like a mommy makeover or--
- yeah.
- No, it's not.
No, it's not.
- C-section?
- Okay.
- I don't think that--
- mia,
did you have c-sections?
- I did, three of them.
- So, I-- I was wondering.
How does it--
- if you had c-sections,
why did you get your vagina
tuned up?
- Because I just
wanna get it tuned up.
- What?
- So, you--
- does that make--
- then just say that.
- G and I are very
sexually active.
What's wrong with that?
- Your favorite
position is missionary.
- What's wrong with that?
- Yeah, that's the thing.
- I enjoy missionary.
- Nothing.
I just don't understand how it
beats your puss up to a pulp,
missionary.
- So, just because that's--
our favorite doesn't mean
we don't do other things.
- Well, we don't know what g's--
you know.
- What is wrong with her?
- Andy.
- Um, okay.
Brent from the bronx said,
"mia, were you a stripper?
Were you an escort or what?
Who is paying $10,000
to talk to you in a ballgown?"
- so, that's very common
in high end,
upscale establishments, okay?
So, to meet--
- where was
this organization?
- The steak and lobster joint.
- No, it's a--
it's a strip club
in north carolina and--
- it's in charlotte.
- What's the name of it?
- I'm not sure.
And g-- but g is a--
- what is the name of it?
- G is a-- what's the word?
He's the highest roller.
- A strip club connoisseur.
- He helped build
the vip upstairs.
- Yeah, he's
the highest roller.
- Really?
- One of them, yeah.
- He helped build it.
- Mm-hmm.
- Wow.
And you fell in love.
- No, not at first.
- No.
My best friend is haitian,
and at the time when they
had their earthquake,
um, he actually helped her get
her organization up and going,
and when he started showing
that he had a heart,
is when I really fell
in love with him.
- Uh-huh.
- I was like, okay,
you're not just this crazy man
walkin' around with no shoes on
in the strip club.
♪♪
- coming up...
I read online that jamal
owes $800,000 in taxes.
- That has nothing
to do with me.
My taxes are paid.
- Okay.
- Gizelle, technically,
they can come back
and get your ass.
- I fell in love when g
actually started showing
that he had a heart.
I was like, okay, you're
not just this crazy man
walkin' around with no shoes on
in the strip club.
You know how g can get, right?
- No shoes?
- He walked around with no
shoes on in the club strip?
- He-he would drop his shoes off
at the shoe shine guy.
- Uh-huh.
- And then go over
to get a cigar.
- There was a shoeshine guy
at the strip club?
- So, the club that I worked in,
we had a makeup artist.
We had a hair stylist.
We had a tanning booth.
- Wow.
- We had a chiropractor that
did come, a massage therapist,
shoeshine guy,
cigar lounge. I mean--
- it's like a spa.
- Very high end.
- It's very upscale.
- A spa with titties and ass.
- Was there a champagne room?
- What's that?
- Where they have sex.
- It's the back room.
- So, they have, like,
champagne areas.
- Okay.
- But we don't have
any closed in areas.
It's not that type
of establishment.
- It's true.
- Did you--
- wendy.
- Did you ever--
and-and tell me if this is
none of my business.
- No, it's fine.
- Did you ever remove
your clothing in the club?
- Absolutely.
- You did?
- I would wear
things like this.
- Yes.
- And then I would just take
off my dress and leave, like,
my little, um,
boy shorts on,
is typically
what I would wear.
- Okay, wow.
- So, isn't that,
like, stripping?
- Pasties or no?
- She said she was a stripper.
- She said she stripped.
- Yeah.
- Okay, but, at first,
you said that you were not
and that you wore the gowns.
- Right.
- So, that's why I was--
- correct.
- So, I do wear the gowns.
Yeah, absolutely.
- But she takes them off.
- But then they come off.
- Yes, they come off
and, you know--
- oh, you didn't
finish the story.
- Right. I didn't get part.
- You didn't tell us that.
- Well, damn, sometimes
I can't get sh-- out
with y'all ladies.
- Um, we got a lotta
response about your mom,
and you received an outpouring
of support from fans.
- When I ask you to do
something, you go,
"let me call your sister,"
and I'm like,
what has she got anything
to do with it?
- I want a better relationship
with my kids.
- What's the relationship
with your mom now,
and how did she receive
being on the show?
- So, um, mom says she's
gonna pray for candiace.
Um, she needs help.
[laughing]
- oh, I don't
need those prayers.
Don't need those.
- You might.
- No, not from that.
- But she did say that, um,
you know, overall,
she's good. The kids--
she actually has
my kids right now.
- Okay, good.
- Good.
- Nice.
- Yeah,
and so we have definitely
come a long way.
- So, that's big.
- Mm-hmm.
- Because it seemed like
during the season,
that was new.
- Mm-hmm. It was new.
- Her taking care of the kids.
- Yeah.
So, she's at the house
right now.
- So, this is now
an ongoing occurrence.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
- Christine from
new orleans said,
"as a viewer,
it's frustrating to see mia
"appear so self-made
when, in fact,
"her husband handed
her the franchises."
- so, g is an investor on
another account of ours,
but he did not
technically invest
in this particular
entity of mine.
- So-- and they are
chiropractic franchises.
- Yes.
- That you own with g.
- Yes, he is on
two of the companies,
but there's
a total of eight.
- But did he already have
them before he met you?
- No.
He owned mcdonald's restaurants,
and he sold out,
and I had massage envies,
um, and he did invest
in my massage envies
before we got married.
- Okay, so, he did help you
with the massage envy
in the beginning.
- Did help you.
- Yeah, but he didn't
give anything to me.
- Okay.
- I had to qualify on my own.
- Okay, right. Okay.
- Yeah.
- Yolanda from
long beach, new york said,
"mia, never seen anyone
flip flop as much as you.
"one minute, gizelle
has a beautiful heart.
"the next, you're questioning
her character, for example.
"why can't you stick
to your stories?"
- so, I always speak what
I'm feeling in that moment.
If I like you today,
but then somethin' happens,
and I don't
like you tomorrow,
I'm gonna tell you
I don't like you tomorrow.
- Now, that's a lie.
- Okay. All right.
So, sending the text telling
the green-eyed bandits
to schedule an appointment
with your assistant...
- Mia replies, "hi, gizelle.
"unless you want
to discuss business,
"there is nothing I have time
to talk to you about."
- oh.
- But was karen in your ear?
I felt like--
- no.
- I never do that.
I-- I don't do that.
- But when you watched it--
when you watched karen sitting
and talking to her,
did you get the sense
she was coaching her
or guiding her?
- One hundred percent.
- I really don't have
a problem with robyn except
she does gizelle's bidding.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I think
she's up her bush.
Let me be very clear.
Mia is a grown woman.
- Thank you.
- And what I like
about our relationship,
is that mia is gonna do mia.
Karen is gonna do karen.
But our relationship is not
codependent of one another.
- Great.
- We're good.
- Well, uh, gizelle--
- yes.
- This season,
you got a crash course
in driver's ed.
- Yeah.
- All while pumping the brakes
on things with jamal.
But despite your single status,
or was it,
your relationship
continued to be
a topic of reasonably
shady conversation.
- It's not done.
- Oh, I love it!
It's about the addition
on the side.
- Yes.
- There's a long way to go.
- So, you were on
the hater list and-- but--
- oh, hating on this?
[laughing]
- how is the relationship with
you and jamal, right now?
- It's not good.
It's just
too much pandemic.
- Covid of all things?
- Imagine being with a man
that consistently cheats
on you all the time,
but you continuously be
with this person
and think he's worthy enough to
bring him around your daughters.
- We don't see you,
like, in relationships.
Like, it's hard to, like,
look up to you or dad.
- Wow, this is, like,
worse than I thought.
- Have you been
on a date recently?
- Tell me more!
- Yes, honey!
- No!
Sure can't.
[laughing]
- who is the man?
I wanna know who the man is.
Is he here?
Where is the man?
- Um, we're gonna
let andy ask questions.
- Does he exist?
- Where is the man?
[laughing]
- no, that was--
it's very casual.
- Have you seen
that same man again?
- No, that--
that man is gone.
- Wendy has got
to know this person
that you were hanging out with
if he's a commentator.
- I don't know. He's gone.
- I-I actually do.
[gasps]
- you do?
- Uh-huh.
- You know who it was.
- Ooh.
- I know a commentator
who said that he dated her,
but I don't know if that's
the same person.
- Oh.
- He doesn't know her.
- Van?
- Jones, yes.
That's-- yes.
- Van jones is--
that's-that's a fine man.
- She's not his type.
- No.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
He likes women
of integrity.
- Ooh.
- Oh, oh, wow.
- I thought she was
gonna say white girls.
Coming up...
- You brought
your big face
back into my home.
- Oh, god.
- Here we go.
- Bitch, we got
the same size forehead.
- No, bitch.
- We got the same--
we got the same damn forehead.
- No, yours is--
yours is about two and half
inches bigger than mine.
- Back with "the real housewives
of potomac" reunion.
Gizelle, I wanna talk
about the west wing.
Does the house--
is it cohesive?
- Yes.
- Because it looked like
a few different houses.
- It did. It did.
It was a mess.
- Okay.
- At the time,
when all the ladies came,
it did not.
Yes.
- Okay.
- It's coming together.
- Have you seen it, robyn?
- I have. Yes.
So, we--
- is it all one motif?
- Well, no.
- Don't lie, robyn.
- No, no, no.
- Yes.
- But the entryway is, like,
bringing it all together.
- Okay.
- With the siding.
- Oh, okay, okay.
- Okay.
The purple walls?
- Not there and it didn't
match my new floor.
Yeah.
- Okay.
I don't know
what it did match.
[laughing]
what was your reaction when you
pulled up to hotel gizelle?
Does it still look like
ronald mcdonald lives there?
- Listen, I don't know
because I have not seen it
since the drive-by.
- Okay.
- The drive-by?
- No, no, I'm sorry,
since the drive-in.
[laughing]
- well, so, it took grace
five times to pass
the learner's permit.
- It did.
[screaming]
you're gonna hit the cameraman.
- Sorry.
- Okay, brake,
brake, brake!
[screaming]
brake, brake, brake!
- Wow.
- Is grace mad with you
for showing the world
that she can't drive?
- Not at all.
- It was quite relatable
and cute, I thought.
- Yeah, it was funny.
- Yeah, I was like, oh, my god.
- Yes.
- I-- it took me a minute, too.
I was with grace.
- And she's--
grace is a good sport.
- She is?
- Yeah.
- Okay, good.
- Um, is jamal
a good driver?
Where does grace
get her skills from?
- No, jamal is
a horrible driver.
- Got it.
- And he's driven
90% of the time.
- Speaking of jamal,
when did the two of you
actually break up?
- I don't know.
Earlier in the year maybe.
- Was it-- okay, so,
we shot the reunion.
- Okay, so, when was that?
November?
- Yeah.
- You were together
at the reunion.
- Okay, yes.
- That was a year ago.
How soon after?
- So, it was in the following--
maybe after the holidays.
- After the holidays.
- Yeah.
- So, like,
a couple months later.
- Yeah, I guess.
- Yeah.
- Maybe January'ish,
late January maybe.
I don't know.
- Okay, okay, so, that's like--
- but, andy, this timeline
doesn't make sense.
So, I'm sorry. Like,
let's just cut the b.S.
You're here saying
January and February,
but didn't jamal do
a video in December
saying that he's not
in a relationship?
We all saw that video.
- He did.
- I mean, no, he didn't
say he wasn't--
he was meaning
he's not married.
- It seemed to me like he
was saying he wasn't
in a relationship with you.
- In a relationship,
that's what he said.
- Ever.
- That's not what--
that's not what it said to me.
- That's not.
- Yeah.
- Okay. You know that
many people watching--
- mm-hmm.
- Saw the last reunion.
- Correct.
- And saw the binder.
So, the-- you know,
it seems logical to assume
that there would be
a connection between
what was in the binder.
- Right.
- That jamal was
with other women.
- Uh-huh.
- And carrying on,
while he was with you
and your breakup.
- Jamal and I have
been through a lot.
- He told his girlfriend
at the time
that it was just reality tv,
and it wasn't true.
- What's your response
to that?
- The binder wasn't
new information.
It wasn't like, oh, my gosh,
I don't know this.
Jamal and I already
talked about that.
- This time was not
a surprise to you.
So, basically,
you gave your consent to be
the other woman
with jamal this time, right?
- No, karen.
We were both seeing--
we were both
figuring it out.
- You were not monogamous.
- So, you guys weren't in a--
- we're figuring it out.
- Okay.
Brittany from alta loma,
california said,
"gizelle, why is it you're
very vocal about
"other people's relationships
but have never opened up
"about your own with jamal?"
- that's not true.
- "we saw you interrogate
everyone at the table
"in williamsburg."
- well...
- "but deflected when askale
asked you about jamal."
- are you in
a relationship?
- I'm not gonna discuss that
in front of trolls.
- That's not true.
I have discussed
any and everything
with everybody here.
- But it's not at the same
level of vulnerability.
- That's not true, candiace.
- Scrutiny.
What she's doing, is
literally not just deflecting,
but she's putting up
a barrier
because if she talks
about she really feels,
she would break down.
So, that is her issue.
- Is that true?
- Wendy, you don't
know me, girl.
- You don't me either,
baby girl.
- I guess the thing that
I'm not getting from you
that I wonder about--
- mm-hmm.
- Is when you let him
back in--
- uh-huh.
- And he cheats
on you again--
- multiple times.
- Multiples times--
- um, which wendy's
obviously excited about.
- Okay.
- Yeah, hilarious.
- No, I'm not, speaking facts.
- Okay.
That had to really hurt.
So, when you found out,
uh, did you cry?
Coming up...
- I know everyone has seen
my husband hurt by my mom.
My family is never
gonna be the same.
Like, I don't know
how to fix it.
- Jamal cheats on
you, again.
- Multiple times.
- Multiples times--
- um, which wendy is
obviously excited about.
- Okay.
- Yeah, hilarious.
- No, I'm not.
I'm just speaking facts.
- Okay.
That had to really hurt.
So, when you found out,
did you cry?
- No.
- No, I'm not a big crier.
Everyone knows that.
Like, when we got divorced,
was I crying?
Yes.
- Okay.
I guess, for me,
if I was dating someone,
and they cheated on me,
and I let them back in,
there would be a part of me
that would feel like,
"(bleep)."
- like, any hurt that
I had from the first time
might come back.
- Yeah.
- And that pain
didn't come back
when he cheated
on you, again?
- N-n-no.
I feel like, you know,
when you're growing up,
and somebody does
something bad to you,
if they do it again,
doesn't really hurt as much.
- Really?
- One hundred percent.
- I would think it
might hurt more.
- Right.
- That-- no,
uh, that's not me.
- Perhaps if you could get
to the p-place emotionally
to really share
your story, your truth,
which, by the way,
if you shared it right,
you win.
- Why do we not realize
that everyone deals
with things differently?
- Oh, really?
Do they?
- You wanna just interject
in everyone's comments.
Like, can we just all talk?
- What are you talking about?
Everybody talks.
- I was trying to say something,
and you cut me off.
- Can everyone--
- like-like, you can
chill for a second.
All I'm trying to say is,
just because gizelle
is not reacting to things
the way you all want her to,
that doesn't mean that
things don't matter to her.
- We're different.
We deal with things
differently.
So, it's just part
of my personality.
- Okay.
Jen from california said,
"karen, in past seasons,
"you and ray had difficulties
in your marriage."
"knowing how painful it is,
why did you go
"so hard on gizelle
and shame her
"for a man's behavior?"
- I actually was
shaming gizelle
for gizelle's
grown woman choices
because she knows better.
- So, you're saying
she should not have gone
back with jamal.
- I don't believe--
gizelle is
better than that.
I don't believe
in my heart
that you should have
gone back to him.
That is my opinion.
- Thanks for your opinion.
- And I stand by that.
- Great.
- Why do you think
the new gizelle
did choose jamal back?
- I believe
gizelle was lonely.
I believe that she wanted to
go with somethin' familiar
instead of having to
work on a new relationship,
which is hard.
- Okay.
- It had to hurt when
your daughters told you
that they haven't
had a example
of a good relationship.
- Surely, for sure.
You know, I--
- they called you
an emotional vampire.
[laughing]
- yes, which I had to ask them
later, like, really?
And you're right.
My kids have seen me
be very robotic.
- Yes.
- That was my survival.
- Yep, yep.
- I had to be military.
- Okay.
- Or else I wouldn't
have made it.
- It is interesting
to hear you say
that maybe you just built up
a defense mechanism
be-- while you were
raising the girls,
and you stayed with it
as a survival tactic.
- That makes sense.
- That's fair.
- Yeah.
- Which completely
makes sense.
- Right, of course.
- Um, gayle on instagram said,
"wendy and karen,
why does someone's happiness
have to be defined by a man?
Every time you through
shade at gizelle,
the first thing
you say is,
'gizelle isn't happy because
she doesn't have a man.'"
- let's be clear.
- Let's be-- yeah, okay.
- I did not say that.
Um--
- you said, as you
were preparing
for your 25th anniversary
of the institution--
- mm-hmm.
- Twenty-five years, yes,
it's an institution.
Some people ain't even
together for 25 seconds.
Some people can't get
a man out the phone.
- You know, gizelle, cutting
and e-editing is amazing.
You and I have--
- you said it 14 times.
- You did-you did say that.
You did say that.
- I did.
Let me own it.
I needed therapy myself.
That was therapy for me.
I was like let me get this.
- That was therapeutic.
- Because I took it
for years
where gizelle jabbed
at me at--
- I never jabbed
at your marriage.
- I mean, you clowned karen
for a whole season
about ray's taxes.
- Read everything that's
on the back of my shirt.
- Free karen.
What is that?
- Free uncle ben.
Tax reform.
- Oh...
Gizelle, you tacky
as hell.
- I read online
that jamal owes,
uh, $800,000 in taxes.
- Uh-huh.
He's not my husband.
That has nothing to do with me.
- Okay.
- My taxes are paid.
- Gizelle, technically,
since I do have the experience,
let me lean on in.
So, technically,
you were married in 2008,
which that's the only year
they come back
and get your ass, okay?
- No, they can't.
[laughing]
- and no, seriously,
and I don't want that to happen.
- No, they can't.
- So, technically,
I would say lawyer up.
- You want-- after
seven years, it's a wrap.
- Lawyer up just to make sure.
Just look into it.
- Okay, my taxes are paid.
I bought a house.
- I-I know yours are.
- I bought a house.
- But you were
mrs. Bryant at the time.
- My taxes are paid.
Karen, it's nothing
to do with me.
- Okay, I hope not.
- Okay, nothing to do with me.
My name is not on anything.
- I hope not.
I really--
- my name is on my house.
- It-it-it actually does have
something to do with you.
- I hope not.
- No, it doesn't.
- Because it indirectly
affects your daughters,
possibly.
- Mmm.
- So, my daughters
are fine, as am I,
and that has nothing
to do with me.
- All right.
Well, we'll be back.
Coming up...
- If I knew that
she had the trauma
that she has
with her mother--
- she doesn't have to have
a trauma with mother.
- I would have talked
about something else.
What I will say is,
I was going
light on you,
and what happened was,
you were ungrateful.
If you want to--
- ungrateful?
[laughing]
♪♪
- I'm nervous,
excited, all the feels.
- Hi, askale.
- Welcome.
Yes!
- Hi, ladies.
- Welcome,
with your ho ass.
[laughing]
- we're bringing
your mom out when?
- Andy, I will leave.
- You will drive back.
- I will drive back.
- Everyone, eyes up!
Four, three, two.
- Hey, everybody,
we are back with
"the real housewives
of potomac" reunion.
I'm andy cohen,
and the fabulous
askale davis has joined us.
Hi.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, as well.
- Everybody has been really
into your fashion
on the show.
Uh, you look great.
- Thank you.
- Michael from l.A. Said,
"askale, I hope your style
rubs off on these girls.
Who would you love to style
out of the group
"if you had the chance?"
- um, probably gizelle.
Bring her current--
current, like,
2021, yeah.
- Bring her current.
Comment?
- No.
[laughing]
- oh, boy,
you just take a lickin'
and keep on tickin'
in the style department.
- Yeah.
Like, at all.
- I mean...
Okay, well, candiace,
this season,
you and your husbanger
set off to show the world
that you are a triple threat
to be reckoned with,
but in the process,
you learn that perhaps
you have no business
mixing marriage
with show business.
Watch.
- Okay, so, george and weezy
done moved on up.
- The lord delivers.
- Yes.
Finally, she done left
her mama's purse.
Candiace is
a good 48 years old.
Finally, she did it.
♪ must really think
I'm playing ♪
♪ reverse the conversation ♪
- chris is, like,
managing me.
I call him my husbanger.
- Okay, good luck
with that.
- You always go play
----ing golf
when I need you
to be present.
- What do you want me to do?
Just drop everything
that I'm doing?
Then I can ask you
for an allowance.
- Is chris gettin' paid?
- Officially, I don't think.
- Girl, you have to get
out my face with this.
- Hell yeah.
- I'm not saying
anything about that.
- Why is it appropriate
to ask my mom
who is paying the bills?
- I wanted to show up
to something
that wasn't low budget.
- Your mama is low budget.
Watch your mouth.
- Oh!
- Ooh.
- Whoa, okay, candiace,
that's team too much,
and I'm not quite sure
if you know about
mia's mother
and her backstory.
- What did my dad do?
- He introduced me to drugs.
You know, so...
- Oh, my gosh, mommy.
♪♪
- and she still can sit here
with her big-ass feet.
- God gave me
these big-ass feet.
- And god made you basic, too.
- Jesus!
- Where is your pimp?
- Pimp, where you at?
The ho is here!
- Yes, where is your pimp?
- Your ho!
- She's hungry.
Here, do you need
some lettuce?
- You need to grow up.
- Goodbye.
- Uh-uh! Oh!
- Oh, sh--.
- Not my ----ing--
- watch-watch yourself.
- Wait!
- You can't--
- you're not just gonna say
what you want and
disrespect what I'm doing,
what we have
worked hard for.
- Okay, okay, but listen.
- Then-then (bleep) you.
- Okay, um...
Candiace has
rat-ta-tat-tat candiace
entered the building?
- Uh, we'll see.
- Okay, all right.
You were signed with
a record company, right?
- I signed with e-one,
which is now monarch.
They just changed
their name, so...
- Great.
- Nice.
- Who here has listened
to the whole album?
- I did.
- I have.
- The majority.
- Yeah.
- Do you have a--
- I haven't heard any yet,
but I-I will.
- Do you think it's better
than "coffee and love?"
- oh, no, we put our thing.
We-- I put my foot
in "coffee and love."
- yes, you did.
♪ all the things
I wanna tell ya ♪
♪ we've been through it all ♪
♪ but we rise not fall ♪
- when the season opened,
and you said,
"chris is my husbanger,"
I mean, his skills seem to
really be in the kitchen.
- Yes.
- What about him
makes him qualified
to manage your music career?
- Yeah.
So, him being my husbanger
is less about
him managing the music
and more about him
managing me
and what I am doing.
- Are you paying chris?
- In-in love.
- Getting paid for sex
is being a prostitute.
- Okay, never mind.
I-I-I as--
- you would know.
[laughing]
- I only speak on things
I'm familiar with, yes.
- Yes.
- Uh, jess from queens, new york
wants to know if
the ladies think that
chris is riding
on candiace's coattails.
Gizelle, we know
you think this.
Anyone else?
- What we see, is that chris,
you know, his restaurant
was affected
by the pandemic.
Like, I think he lost
his footing a little bit,
and he--
- that's true.
- I feel like maybe
his confidence is a little hit.
Like, he is drinking
a little more.
I can see he's put on
a little bit weight.
- No, that's his normal.
That's his normal drinking.
- A little bit of weight.
Like, he's not the same chris
that we met when we first
met you, and so I--
what my take is that he's--
- well, who is the same
after a pandemic?
I think we've all changed.
- Uh, hayden from newburn,
north carolina wants to know
if chris' name
is on the deed,
and is dottie's
name on the deed?
- Chris' name
is on the deed.
My mother's name
is not on the deed.
- Okay, she seemed to
imply that she was somehow
financially involved when
she was talking to robyn
at your video shoot.
- She likes to be
involved somehow.
So, she likes to insert
herself into places.
- Is she involved?
- No, she is not.
- But you do realize, at
your video shoot, she went--
went around to every
single last one of us.
I mean, yes, mia was
asking questions.
- Yeah.
- But to talk about you.
- To talk about your husband.
- Yes.
- But you're mad at us.
- So, I've had to
sit her on the side
because what she said
was incorrect,
and it was very disparaging
to my husband.
- What is her defense of taking
each of your friends aside
and talking sh-- about
your husband and you?
- "um, well, they were
asking me questions."
and I say, you know--
- well, I gotta
stand up for dorothy.
- You have autonomy
over your own mouth.
Walk away.
- Okay, all right.
Catherine from needham,
massachusetts wants to know,
uh, how chris reacted when
he saw all the smack
dorothy was talking at
the music video shoot.
- I need a tissue.
- Aww, shoot.
- Thought you were
gonna fold it.
- I was gonna fold it. Here.
- I'll fold it.
- Andy, she's got--
- oh, this is a good
square I made.
- Oh, my god.
- Here, no, this is good.
- Thank you.
- She's crying,
but you would think
a real friend would've
told her that her mom
was the one being messy.
- Um, are you talking?
Shut up.
- How did chris react?
- He's really hurt.
My family is never
gonna be the same.
- Oh, wow.
- Because of that incident?
- Oh, my gosh.
- And, like, I literally am--
I don't know
what to do.
Like, I don't know
how to fix it.
- Coming up...
- What-what am I supposed
to do when she insults me?
- If, by chance, after I saw
what I saw, mia clocked you,
I'd have been like--
♪♪
- thank you.
- A real friend would've
told her that her mom
was the one being messy.
- Um, are you talking?
Shut up.
- How did chris react?
- He's really hurt.
And as a wife, I don't ever
wanna see my husband hurt
but especially
not by my mom.
- Yeah, yeah.
- It's really hard.
Like, I cussed my mom out in
a way that I shouldn't have.
- Mmm.
- Do you think your issues
would be the same if
you weren't on the show?
- No, I feel like my family
is never gonna be the same.
- Oh, wow.
- Because of that incident?
- Oh, my gosh.
- My in-laws watch this show,
and I'm, like, going to
be with my family,
and I feel like
I don't belong there
because my mom
insulted my husband.
- Right.
- I, and, like, I literally
am-- I don't know what to do.
Like, I don't know
how to fix it.
- Yeah.
Well, the music video shoot,
uh, caused a lotta problems.
- Yeah.
- Obviously.
- Uh, and it
certainly inflamed
your friendship
with mia.
Um, leah from perth, australia
said, "mia, why would you say
"candiace's video was low
budget as if it's a bad thing?
"you came from a difficult
background only to be plucked
"from the lobster strip joint,
so you should be know better
"than to judge."
- mmm.
- So, what was it
about the video shoot
that seemed
low budget?
- Any time you invite someone,
have someone greet you.
- The goal is not to pander
and cater to the extras.
The goal is to get
the shot and get it done.
- You're a video girl.
- I-I extended you a courtesy
by inviting you to my shoot.
- Was there organization
at your video shoot?
Yes, there was.
I've been on a set of a video
shoot and let me tell you.
- You took advantage of that
and were disrespectful.
- You spent $10,000
on a-- on a video shoot.
It's low budget. It's okay.
- All right. Nanya from
new york, new york said,
"askale, during the pamper
"party, you asked karen
about her having
"a drinking problem
out of the blue."
- can I just
ask one thing?
There was a comment made
that you drink heavily.
- "but you think mia is rude
for her question to dot
"after you asked karen
if she had a drinking problem
"out of the blue."
- you know what.
For me, it's like
I'm just direct.
I'm gonna have a conversation
wit' you face to face.
Would it have been better
if it wasn't in
a group setting?
Yeah.
- Lauren from texas said,
"candiace, did you really not
"know mia's mom's back story?
I find that hard to believe."
- I did not know.
I did not.
- You know that you do
go for the jugular.
- If I knew that she had
the trauma that she has
with her mother, I would
not have said that.
- She doesn't have to have
the trauma in order for you
to say that about
somebody's mother.
- I would have talked
about something else.
What I will say is,
in the black community,
it's referred
to as joning.
I was going light on you,
and what happened was,
you were ungrateful.
- Ungrateful?
- And if you want
to-- if you want to--
- hold on, she was ungrateful?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- You were ungrateful.
- Girl--
- you wanna talk about what's
low budget in my life.
- So, if you say your mom
is low budget,
she's supposed
to thank you?
- What-what am I supposed
when she insults me?
- Well, joning may not
be acceptable anymore.
You saw that episode,
and you thought to yourself,
"wow, I was justified in all
of this," and I did not feel
like your actions towards
her were justifiable.
- What actions?
Let's-let's-let's go back.
- Your things coming
out your mouth.
- It's-- if I wanna
respond verbally, hello.
- Yeah.
- Welcome to the stage.
That's what we do.
We spar verbally.
- How do you think-- can
I ask you a question?
How is that working
for you, honestly?
- How is what working for me?
- Yeah, good question.
- How is the way that
you respond to people
working for you?
You almost were physically
attacked last year.
- So, that's my fault that
I was physically attacked?
- Well, you're
the common dominator.
- False.
- It escalated.
- You are. You are.
- Everyone up here--
everyone up here
has a mouth,
has said nasty,
disrespectful, bottom of the--
bottom of the gutter
things to one another.
- No, we have
not been nasty.
- Gizelle-- gizelle,
can we do this?
Can we do this as an example?
Let's-- let's do this.
- But because I-- because
I am better at it,
I am somehow crucified.
- Oh, I don't think nobody
better than me and gizelle.
- No, you're not.
- No.
- You've had the--
you had the butter knife
thing with ashley.
You had the thing
with monique.
- What was
the butter knife thing?
Get the (bleep) out!
- Get the knife out
of your hands, girl!
- You will not discuss
my mother in my home!
You will not discuss
- When you waved the butter
knife in my wife.
- I did not throw
a butter knife at you.
- And you-- and you were
acting like
you were gonna flinch.
- That's number two.
Number one is that
you brought your big face
back into my home.
- Oh, god.
- Here we go.
- What about her face?
- Not once, not twice.
- You know what?
Bitch, we got the same
size forehead.
We got the same--
- no, bitch.
No, yours is--
yours is about
two and half inches
bigger than mine.
- We've got the same
damn forehead.
- Ooh.
- We both got
five heads, okay?
- All I'm saying is,
why do I wake up to
tweets saying "fire her"?
- Every week people
say fire her, her.
I've seen it about
everybody up here.
- He asked about
you, candiace.
Answer the question.
- No, no, no.
But what I'm saying is, but
they're-- but they're saying
it in regards to the things
that come out of your mouth.
- It has less to do with me
and more to do with the people
who can't keep up
with what I say.
- But you're
the common denominator.
- Valid.
- If you cannot handle--
- you're the one that's in it!
- If you cannot handle
someone orating and
speaking to you in a way--
- orating.
- But you threw the salad first.
- Right.
- I threw a piece of lettuce.
- It was two, I was there.
I'm scared.
- You threw the butter
knife onto the ground.
- I didn't throw
a butter knife at her.
- If, by chance, after I saw
what I saw, mia clocked you,
I'd have been like--
- mmm.
- Because of the severity of
what you were saying to her.
- What you all are
failing to remember,
is that I never
start any of it.
I am always
responding to someone
who is disrespecting me.
- Okay, but-but, candiace,
moving forward, all I ask,
is that you need to be
able to edit yourself.
You need to be able to pull
back when you've gone too far.
I look at you sometimes,
and you go to a place,
and you're
not even there.
- I'm in there.
I'm there.
- And you're-you're in
there, but it's like
a different person.
- I'm there.
Yeah, it's ra-ta-ta-ta.
- And it's like, do we have to--
- uh-uh.
I don't think mia has met
ra-ta-ta-ta-ta candiace.
- You always
have to go there.
- Ra-ta-ta-ta.
[laughing]
- can I also say that
I have a humongous issue
with mia insinuating that if
her mother were to relapse--
- I have a issue
with that, too.
- That that would be on me.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Her sobriety is
everything to me,
and if my mom relapses
because of that bitch,
she better catch
my ass outside.
I'll tell you that.
- That's not fair.
That's not fair.
- What the facts are,
is that you brought your mother
onto this platform--
- yes, I agree.
- To parade her around
for your storyline.
If she relapses,
that is on you.
- Mmm.
- That's low and foul.
You should be ashamed of
yourself for what you said.
- No, I'm not. My mother
wanted to tell her story.
You wanna know why she wanted
to tell her story?
- Didn't seem like it.
- Because she wants to
inspire many people.
- She didn't seem-- she
seemed very uncomfortable.
- You would never
understand, spoiled brat.
- I wouldn't.
I wish that I could.
- And I don't even know why
I'm talking to her. No, I--
- but you ruined
that opportunity
by being disrespectful.
- No, because she's rude,
and she won't let me talk.
So, (bleep) her.
- Okay, (bleep) me.
(bleep) me.
- Next time, on "the real
housewives of potomac reunion...
- Mia, you have become
a disaster on social media.
- I do have a social
media manager.
- Did she block me,
or did you block me?
- Oh, you're blocked?
- Yeah.
- I apologized to
hampton university,
but I was not wrong about
you were a broken ho
'cause that was
the word on the street.
- Oh.
- That's rooted in misogyny.
What type of woman are you
to say that a woman
has surgery
to keep a man?
You had a whole tummy tuck.
Did you keep jamal?
- Candiace, do
you not understand,
it has to stop.
No one is gonna stand
in the line of fire
of abuse with the tongue.
- Her ass-kicking is
over ----ing due, andy.
- Are you gonna
kick my ass?
- Shut the (bleep) up.
- Okay, I-I'm done.
I'm done.